Skip to main content
Visit the University of North Carolina at Charlotte homepage

Explore
Dining Services
Search this site
Search this site
Search
Dining
Meal Plans
Mobile Ordering
Nutrition Services
Sustainability
Contact & Info
Home
Dining Options
Dining Options
Your Dining Options
Explore spots to stop for a bite, from campus-crafted favorites at our dining halls to fresh and familiar retail options.

Students sitting at table outside with plates of food and looking at notebooks
Dining Halls
Charlotte hosts two all-you-care-to-eat dining halls on campus, SoVi and Social 704, with rotating menus crafted with fresh ingredients.
Dining Halls
Students sitting with frozen yogurt at outside table
Retail Dining
With chain favorites, local flavors and convenience markets throughout campus, you can find options for whatever you're craving.
Retail Options

The Best Value on Campus
Always find what you’re craving with meals at our two all-you-care-to-eat campus dining halls.

Understanding your meal plan
Between Bites and After Hours
In addition to everyday options, Charlotte makes sure you get your fill with event catering and late-night dining.

Chef adding vegetables to pan
Catering
Hosting an event? Explore your options for food and beverage catering, set-up options, food truck requests and more.
Catering & Food Trucks
Baskets of fried food and burgers on table with glowsticks and two students wearing sunglasses in background
Late Night Dining
Whether your study session is going late or you're craving a treat after hours, you can take advantage of late-night offerings!
Late Night Dining
See What We're Cooking Up


SoVi Dining Hall
Commonly referred to as SoVi, South Village dining hall is located in South Village Crossing. This spacious facility is a Certified Green Restaurant, featuring a wide range of stations and allergen-friendly options, with menus that carefully balance flavor and freshness.

What Options Can I Find?
With constantly rotating menus, stay up to date on what's cooking!

What's on the Menu
500 Degrees
Handmade, oven-baked pizzas, pastas and more
Delicious Without
Delicious foods made while avoiding the top 9 allergens
Bok Choy
Asian-style cuisine made with our Jade double wok
Carved & Crafted
Create-your-own sandwich and wrap station
Fresh 52
Salad creation with veggies, proteins, greens and more
Flame
Grilled burgers, grilled cheese and more with assorted sides
Homestyle
Variety of rotating entrées and sides each week
Nook
Pantry with cereal, waffle maker, fruit and more
Sweet Shoppe
Pastries, mousse, cookies and house-made gelato
Navigating Your Needs
Make sure you check the menu icons for different dining needs, and take advantage of the Avoiding Gluten pantry for delicious daily items, including AG breads and waffle batter, offered in an area for those with gluten intolerance.

Dietary Assistance
Dash and Dine!
We know life gets busy, and we've got you covered with options for students on the go.

Hands on phone using mobile order app
Order Your Food…
Sovi offers custom sandwich creation through the Niner Diners Mobile app — just create what you want and stop by for pickup!
Niner Diners Mobile Ordering
Student adding tofu and vegetables into green, reusable takeout container
…Or Take It With You
Make a one-time payment for your first reusable, BPA-free OZZI container at the dining hall, and take your food to go!
OZZI Containers

Just Swipe and Go
Dining tastes best when you have a plan. Use a meal from your block or daily plan by scanning your 49er mobile ID at the dining hall entrance.




Social 704 Dining Hall
Social 704, a Certified Green Restaurant located on the second floor of the Popp Martin Student Union, focuses on fresh ingredients and dishes made from scratch, with constantly changing options and allergen-friendly choices presented in an open-concept environment.

What Options Can I Find?
With constantly rotating menus, stay up to date on what's cooking!

What's on the Menu
Between the Bread
Meat, cheese and toppings on just-baked breads
Burning Stone
Fresh, assorted pizza from a gas-fired oven
Crisp
Salad creation station with proteins cooked to order
Delicious Without
Delicious foods made while avoiding the top 9 allergens
Hot Flats
Burgers and other favorites grilled to order
Sauté
Customizable flavors from around the world
The Kitchen
Comfort foods and rotisserie items
Pantry
Your option for waffles, cereal, fruit, and more!
Navigating Your Needs
Make sure you check the menu icons for different dining needs, and take advantage of the Avoiding Gluten pantry for delicious daily items, including AG breads and waffle batter, offered in an area for those with gluten intolerance.