Source: Google Reviews – UNC Charlotte Campus Dining

--- Social 704 (formerly Crown Commons) ---

1/5 - Genuinely hate this place, there's always flies. Sometimes they're in the ketchup. The food, for the most part, is horrible. Lunch is usually not too bad but breakfast is horrendous and the homestyle food is pretty bad.

5/5 - We love the healthy food options and the cleanliness. The staff is awesome. You can always find what you like and there is plenty to eat. We cannot resist the pizza bar or the dessert. We also enjoy being able to sit outside on the balcony. Highly recommend for vegetarians.

3/5 - Good choice if you want a burger and fries on campus. Pricey for what it is but very filling. Nothing spectacular, better than the dining hall burgers. This is also a suitable restaurant for vegans, vegetarians and gluten-avoiding persons. There is an Impossible Burger option that is vegan. Gluten-free buns are available.

5/5 - Jackie at the egg station deserves a raise. I look forward every day to getting an omelet from her station. She does all the omelets by herself, is a hard worker, and is nice to talk to while waiting in line.

2/5 - The ice cream machine is always broken. The sauteed pasta is amazing and the only redeeming part. The rest of the food tends to be pretty boring. The omelets are okay if the line isn't too long. The regular meals are pretty hit or miss. Tables and seats fill up at peak hours. They do offer some allergy-free foods that avoid common allergens.

2/5 - Lack of variety. You have the pizza bar, burgers and fries, some mix of Asian or veggie dishes, salad, dessert, and fruit. Quality is generally below average. The meal plan is a ripoff and so is the cost to eat here without the plan.

3/5 - Food is served faster at Crown Commons than at SoVi. Food quality at Crown is around 8.6/10. SoVi food quality is around 5.3/10. At SoVi you wait in line and food is served in portions with no self-service. Crown Commons has a public zone, quiet rooms, bar tables, and an outdoor balcony.

--- SoVi Dining Hall ---

5/5 - The food here is really good and they are willing to hire college students. Decent college campus food and good environment.

4/5 - The more robust dining hall out of the two on campus. Plenty of space and food options. Lack of natural lighting in the main area but there is an insulated section with plenty. Recommended dish: pizza.

3/5 - Food was not the best, gives my stomach minor aches. As a college student the hours are rough. A lot of students starve on weekends because they don't open until noon. Not open from 2–5pm on weekdays. Nothing is open early enough before an 8am exam.

5/5 - Everything is good, love to eat here. Large selection of food with many diet options including vegan, gluten free, and vegetarian.