There are over 20 locations on campus to get amazing food at UNC Charlotte.
There are dining options all around campus. The Atkins Library, the Cone Center, the Popp Martin Student Union, and the South Village Crossing are some of the options available to grab some food.
Pete's Coffee and Tea is located within the Atkins Library and Fretwell.
This coffee shop is the perfect place to study or do homework while sipping on a delicious smoothie.
Their fresh baked goods never disappoint and are an excellent option when taking a study break.
The Student Union has a Starbucks, Wendy's, Bojangles, Shake Smart and Market on Craver. Shake Smart has more breakfast options like smoothies, coffee, shakes and wraps. Market on Craver has an Erberts & Gerbert's is more of a convenience store that has snacks, sandwiches and basically anything you would find at a convenience store.
The Crown Commons is located in the Popp Martin Student Union. It is
- located on the second floor and has an all-you-can-eat buffet. The Chef's Table is a must-eat location because it provides students with made-to-order foods from around the world.
SoVi is located in the South Village Crossing and has more options for those who enjoy lighter meals. The food is served on smaller plates in order to promote waste reduction, portion awareness and eye appeal.


Sweet Shoppe should be on the must-try list for incoming students.
Prospector is located near the academic buildings and has food for students on the go. Chick-Fil-A Express, Subway Grab & Go and Bojangles Express are popular to-go options. Melt Lab and Fresh 2U are available options for students to sit down and enjoy food. Melt Lab has fresh grilled cheese sandwiches and homemade soups.
Fresh 2U has sushi, salads and snacks.
The Daily Plan meal plan is required for all first-year students living on campus and costs $2,210 per semester plus sales tax and a $250 Declining Balance (DB) fund. Five guest swipes are available with this plan and a maximum of three guest swipes are allowed at one time. This plan has the most variety of any meal plan.
The 160/350 Plan, the 100/350 Plan, and the Straight Declining plan are the options for meal plans for commuters and upperclassmen. For 160/350 and 100/350 plans, swipes can only be used at the South Village and Crown Commons and DB funds can be used at any dining venue, including convenience stores.
The 160/350 Plan is $1,868 per semester, including taxes, a $350 DB fund and 160 meal swipes. There are up to three guest swipes per semester.
The 100/350 plan includes $1,325 per semester, including taxes, a $350 DB funds and 100 meal swipes. There are up to three guest swipes per semester.
The Straight DB plan is either




$875 or $1,200 in DB funds that may be used at any dining venue and convenience store, including sporting concessions. At the end of the semester, any remaining funds will be transferred over at the next semester.
The guest swipes offered by each meal plan allow students to have enough swipes to last them the entire semester.
When more than two family members or friends are visiting, the guest swipes will be waived. Just ask the dining services or the manager at the dining venue.
If the students need more swipes before the semester ends, bonus swipes are available starting at $350-$540 for five bonus swipes, $550-$749 for ten bonus swipes, $750-$949 for 15 bonus swipes and $950 plus for 25 bonus swipes. The deposit will appear in the account immediately and the meal swipes will appear the following Monday.
Bonus swipes expire on Dec. 16, 2021.
For students who do not want a meal plan, they can pay the door rate when entering dining venues and then enjoy an all-you-can-eat buffet!
The door rate for breakfast is $7.15, lunch/brunch is $9.35 and dinner is $10.50. After paying the fee, students


can enjoy an all-you-can-eat buffet!
The Niner Diner mobile ordering app is a must-have for students living on or off-campus. Users can skip the line and enjoy some delicious food right away.
Download the Transact Mobile app from the Apple App store or Google Play store and log in with your NinerNet account.
Payment options include DB,
Optional Dining Account (ODA), 49er
Account Funds or a debit/credit card.
A DB Straight is DB funds attached to a DB Plan of $875 or $1,200 and a DB Attached, DB funds attached to your meal plan. An ODA is funds added to your card that can be used for campus dining purchases. 49er Account funds are funds added to your account specifically for purchases on-campus, including dining.
When first using a debit/credit card for the first time, a $1 authorization
• hold will be placed to verify the credit/ debit card. Holds will appear as UNC Charlotte Bojangles and will be separate from the actual purchase. It can take up to one week to clear your account.
When dining at UNC Charlotte, there is never a boring option.
