Charlotte has two dining halls to choose from, with all-you-care-to-eat options ranging from classic comforts to international flavors. Both our dining halls are Certified Green, focused on fresh ingredients and ready to help you navigate your restrictions, allergies and other needs to ensure everyone has a seat at the table.

Menus and Hours
Exterior of South Village Crossing building
South Village Dining Hall
Commonly referred to as SoVi and found in South Village Crossing, this dining hall offers an Asian-style wok station, pizza and pasta and even house-made gelato in their designated desserts area!
SoVi Dining Hall
Outside view of Popp Martin Student union with trees, students, and blue sky
Social 704 Dining Hall
The regularly-changing menu items at Social 704 in Popp Martin Student Union frequently include flavors from around the world, gourmet grilled items, flatbread and more!
Social 704 Dining Hall

Just Swipe and Go
Dining tastes best when you have a plan. Use a meal from your block or daily plan by scanning your 49er mobile ID at the dining hall entrance.

Explore Meal Plan Options
Or, Pay the Door Rate
No meal plan? No problem. You can pay the door rate at the dining halls with DB or a debit card.

Breakfast
$9.57
Lunch
$12.68
Dinner
$14.23

Enjoy Your Lunch in Luxury
Nested in a corner of the Popp Martin Student Union lies  The Bistro — a unique dining experience with irresistible menu items, a relaxing vibe and a break from your busy day.

The Bistro
Visit the University of North Carolina at Charlotte homepage
Main Campus Address
9201 University City Blvd
Charlotte, NC 28223
The Dubois Center Address
320 East 9th Street
Charlotte, NC 28202
Phone
704-687-8622
Find us on Facebook
Find us on Instagram
Find us on LinkedIn
Find us on X
Find us on YouTube
Resources
Alumni Association
Maps & Directions
Parking & Transportation
My UNC Charlotte
Directory
Library
Give
Partnerships
Careers
Contact Us
Terms of Use
University Policies
Health & Safety
Alerts
Report an Incident
Emergency Initiatives
Health and Safety
© 2026 UNC Charlotte. All rights reserved.